Welcome to the live running
wild of the sixth scum and degenerate
as bosses the cartel war years in
I would like to thank you for the coming minutes
The story mode of this bosses closer
explain
as usual , the whole thing is demonstrated
every man of the server t3 m4
as you can see the ktl
war years of four different
Boss these work much like
the terrible thing on assad is that
you have to kill each one in turn
they have separate health and all
heal again as soon as you come in
killed the two outer so
captain hook on the right and
It wants to be on the left side
immune
that's why they can not be fueled
and they have to be the first
to be killed
the two bosses in the middle so
sander and chuck each have one
take care of the tanks
yes and now we are here too
in the middle of the fight
We will captain for the first time
hook kill this can not be said
be fueled
it attacks all the time
random players you can too
by a warning message see there is
a captain kirk celebrates in the
direction of xxx here has one
player met with others
together there should be on everyone
Cases dodge from these
bluish rivers run out of her
now here in the picture just now
you can see that is a conical one
Attack emanates from captain hook and
in this area can hold several
but we should not be like that
soon, tilt often into this facility
you can celebrate from the area
run out and fail
in safety before the shootings
Generally your grill should be in order
about captain horribilis kassandra
and chuck his or you can be the first
both if you want to exchange or
even the last two only you have to
definitely captain hook and want it
even kill first
the reason why we are around for käpnick
he cares that is the federal
right now here in the picture
surfaced in between times
disappears the aldi is so in the shade
or similar is that now also in
my position on here right now
our play figure
shoot a bit and make
then an explosion that could now
just see and disappear in this
he quasi and then dives again
other game on that is when he's on
you turned up and a bit
distance from him take this
not to get the explosion if he
a few seconds later
it disappears , unfortunately
but not quite possible
as soon as her captain orrick so
first boss killed the wm-throne
have
because from this moment gets windows
and apple so then the einspieler
to pull on what ever
before he makes this explosion
that means a player or else
The melee will be this explosion
in any case then off
this explosive search is about
3700 damage to the so should
to be experienced
while we are still at the second
take care of the bus
I go to the others
both of which he said here as well
need to be refueled
zander we will kill as a third
has a dilemma raid baff that means
he does not move any slower therefore
Ideally managed by the tank
is this fund with the blue shield
something in the background over here
That's why the responsible person can see
tenk him best on the outer edge here
This is the hangge I say in lank
always ayten around in a circle
the only thing the tank has to look out for
is that in between the message
Zander has come up with players iks
fixed
Ideally, that should be the tank itself
his because sandra always the player
the one closest to him is missing
But it can happen
that you pass the group while kiting
comes and then sander then
closer to the other player is if
that happens to us at the quasi then
should focus on another
their mock after one or two seconds
and sander bring back on you
the fourth and last post federal
can also be fueled as I said and
We will be the last of these
kill many at once
unlike most posts the
But you should know it that way
make sure that her one as a tank
wall in the back because truck controls
the current tenk always gone and if he
while bouncing against a wall then
the son avanti gets what he wants
numb and harm them extra
inflicts
Just keep in mind that you
have no wall behind you and then it is
everything OK
what through here in the last phase
do not be tempted as a tank
other
Boß must come too close if
of course unfavorable if sander
Suddenly his target is on the second tank
changes and then suddenly one death
plain or the like , we'll be the same
killed the third bus and so to speak
only one left is left
as well as her cartel lieutenants
regardless of which boss you as
You should just kill the last one
ignore it and harm it
to fall away
because no matter which boss then left
he will do a lot of harm
and you want to kill that possible fast
in our case, probably only
there is stacks on the the
all the time so high up a racing europe
By doing so, he will do more harm to you
longer he lives
who wants his sander last
left over
then it would always something something me
she either calls the end this is one
Attack only goes against the tank and
i believe 50 terminiger cast is when the
the tank must come on any case one
Insert special defensive ability
so that he survives the attack
that was everything again
worth knowing about story mode this
sixth and penultimate boss of
scum and degeneracy
as usual , the whole thing was natural
also my textform on ours
site ready for aging de read